With the md files they can be edited inside of Gitkraken by clicking on it and typing it in. Then click on the wip and stage it like normal and commit it. The computer icon will also let you know if it has not been pushed to your github yet. Once it is pushed it the both icons will be on the same line. When there is a change in your github you will have your master/avatar icon above the laptop icon. You can then pull from the master to update your files. When you click on the file you can actually see what has been added or removed from the file. Red shows what's been removed and green for what's been added. If you want to see if there has been any new changes you can fetch, but this is done automatically every 70 seconds by gitkraken. So this is more or less how impatient you are on usefulness. If you make a mistake before you push you can also uncommit by pressing the undo button which is on the far left and looks like a hook facing left. It is also possible to undo once it has been pushed, but that might be taught later. 

Branching is next. You can rename your branches, but you can't have spaces instead you have to have a _ or a - which ever you like. When you make your changes for this and do everything like you're suppose to up till push. When you push it will say that there is no branch called "what ever you named it", or as it should look "what-ever-you-named-it", would you like to create a new branch. You select yes, this creates a branch. You can also hit the branch button, but the other way is easier, and who doesn't like that? 

Pull requests. The easiest way is to drag your branch over the branch of the master and bring up the menu, much like a right click menu and go to "start a pull request to origin/master from the origin/"what-ever-you-named-it". And they're not kidding when they say it's the easiest, the other way is a lot more confusing. You can even work on that same branch and it will still be part of that initial pull request. You just have to be sure to push it to the master. 

< At this point I am at 396 words so I will talk about how these will be useful.

So with the in Kraken editor it will be great for letting your team members know if something needs to be fixed, or if it has been fixed what it was that needed to be fixed or added to make what ever you are working on function. This is great for also for identifying where if something which was working before then became broken. 

Branching has become pretty easy since I've started working on this as well. I will have to keep a watch on the spaces in between the titles. Most likely try to keep them simple or possibly abbreviated. 

By far the most exciting thing I saw in that video is the easy way of doing a pull request. My biggest worry would be dropping a pull request into the wrong person's folder since it can get really messy when working on big teams. But that is a bridge I will deal with when I come to it. 